description
Many of the most powerful, memorable and effective photographs are black and white images. With digital photography though you can no longer take a great black and white photograph... but you can create one using the black and white photography techniques taught in this course. So if you're confused about which black and white conversion techniques to use, unsure about how to adjust the tonal range and balance of your black and white photos using curves and masks want to make more of your black and white portraits and you want to learn how to tone your black and white images this course is for you. What black and white photography techniques are you going to learn


Requirement
Ideally, Photoshop CS3 or above.
If you're using an earlier version of Photoshop (CS2 or below) you'll be able to work with most of the tools and techniques covered in this course other than the Black and White tool which was introduced in Photoshop CS3.
No prior knowledge of Photoshop. You'll be learning some powerful and sometimes complex techniques, but we'll work through each of these step-by-step.


What I am going to get from tis course
Over 20 lectures and 6.5 hours of content!
How to create technically optimal and aesthetically stunning black and white images with Photoshop.
How to develop an effective, powerful, and efficient black and white workflow.
How to use a range of black and white conversion techniques to maximise the impact of your images.
How to evaluate the tonal range and tonal balance of an image in order to work out the changes that need to be made during subsequent post-production.
How to use the histogram effectively.
How to create and use adjustment layers.
How to use masks to seamlessly blend two or more adjustment layers.
How to use the Curves tool, Photoshop's most powerful tool, to apply both global and selective changes to the tonal range and tonal balance of your images.
How to blend two or more conversion techniques within the same image.
How to smooth skin tones, a technique that's especially useful for portraits of women and children.
How to lighten your subject's eyes.
How to maximise the detail in your subject's face: especially suitable for male portraiture.
How to add unique and compelling tones to your images to really bring them to life.
