1)how to find palindrome of  string "abbba"?
2)How to find palindrome of an int value which is stored in a variable e.g "12321" in order to do this you have to use only loop , conditions, +, - ,* , /
3) Reverse the int value "12321"  which is stored in a variable e.g "12321" in order to do this you have to use only loop , conditions, +, - ,* , /
4) which functions will an interface implement if it is inherited the interface 
interface A1
{
void f1()
{
}
void f2();
void f3();
}
// error an inetrface didn't give the defination of any function

5) what are design patterns?
6) Design patterns are categoried in how mny ways?
Ans) Design patterns are categorize in 3 ways 
1) Structural  2)Creational  3)Behavioral 

7)Give Examples of Creational & behavioural design patterns ?
Creational : Factory , singleton 
Behavioral :MVC 

8) What are abstract classes?What is the purpose of an abstract classes?
9)What are samaphores?
ANS) samaphores are like flags machanism which disable the other threads to edit the critical session when one thread is editing the critical session.
10) What is the purpose of pagination ?
ANS) It reduced the work loadof a memory. When one task is working in a memory and the other task is starts to working then the first task memory is releases and assign to the other task.
11) What are the Shedule Methods? Name one of them & give working of that method ? 
ANS) Round Robin , First come first serve
12)What is normalization?
13) What are the Disadvantages of Normalization ?
14)Why we do de normalization ?
15) What are stored Engines in db ?
16)What are procedure?
17)What is the difference b/w function & procedure?
18) what is the big oh ?
19) Analitical question: There are two rooms in which 1 room have a treasure and the other is empty.Each room has a  guard and you have only one chance to ask any question with both the guards at once to identified that which room contains treasure.Each of the 2 guards is say always truth and the other is always say a lie .