Confiz interview question:

Linklist
1-findMiddle.
2.find loop from link list i know you can do itut also remove loop 
3-write isBST function.
4-reverse the linklist
 
OOP Questions
1-can we make static classes
2-purpose of static classes
3-scope of static objects
4-static variables
5-calling of non static method nd data members in static functions
6-calling of static functions nd data members in non static functions
These questions are all related to java concepts nd c++
7-abstraction(not abstract classes)
8-calling of grand parent method from child in java
 
Design patterns
1-proxy pattern
2-observer pattern
Coding part
1-write binary search code
2-find key if size of the array not known in minimum time complexity
3-print first left child thn right child from a tree.
4-find subsequence arrays from a array
Operating system
1-If we have to build a new operating system thn wht necessary features should be in it.
2-if 32 bit window is thn wht will be the memory size
Compiler construction
1-how compiler identify tokens,semantics,parse tree.open discussion.
 
Database
1-how to represnt 1 to many relation in database schema if employee(id,name) works for department(id,name)
2-if employee table has attributes e_id,name,d_id thn what is the purpose of using foreign key d_id means why we are making composite key(e_id,d_id)
3-normalization,indexing,anomolies etc
modify stack so tht push pop and find minimum should be in bigoh(1)... 
 


There are some other questions as well i.e.:
Coding part:
1- Find if a string has a palindrom e.g "abac" is not a palindrom but has "aba" substring that's a palindrom.
2- You have an array of 100000 elements containing numbers in range 0-100.. Your task is to make a function that return a new array of unique elements found in given one.
3- Consecutive maximum sequence in an array e.g in array = {1,6,4,2,3,7,8} the max sub sequence is {1,2,3,4}
 

Theoretical:
Garbage collector , class , encapsulation , Interface , Object vs instance
Hashing
 

Operating system:
Locks , Addressable memory , Thread vs process
 

Networking: 
OSI model , link layer of OSI
 

DB:
Denormalization and its benifits
 

Analytical part:
You have 8 bottles (1 with poison in it). You can't distinguish that bottle by any thing like color, taste.. Now there are 3 person and unko bottle pila k apne batana he k kis me poison tha...


 Binary Tech interview Questions:
1-Maze problem( recursive )
2- You've a file consisting of 1 billion numbers( unsorted ), You have to find out the missing number...
3-You've a BST and is given a number.. You've to find 2 numbers from the tree whose sum is equal to given number
4- Design patterns.
5- Hashing



Techlogix interview questions:
1- Mostly the questions were asked from the subect, jinki apne TAship ki ho ya jo ap kaho k apko pasand hn.. so be careful in that.
2- Design patterns
3- In java objects are passed by reference or by value?
4- pointers are passed by ref or by value?
5- Find mth node from last of link list (in one pass )
6- which one is better, single or double link list?
7- You've to design a sorting library that contains multiple sorting algos( i.e. bubble sort, insertion sort etc)..



TkXel interview Questions:

1- Reverse the link list recursively
2- Palindrom
3-Swapping
4- Shuffle the array randomly so that no element repeats...
5- Anagrams in a dictionary.. you've a word and have to find it's anagrams
6- Finding first unique element in an array
7- Remove duplicate elements in array
8- Finding interesaction point of 2 link lists + finding the loop in link list

Analytical:
1- 2 egg problem( U've 2 eggs and 100 floor building. u have to find min floor from which that egg will break) Discuss solution with me

2- 3 bulb problem

