1-what is oop?
Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a programming language model organized around objects rather than "actions" 
and data rather than logic.

Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a programming paradigm based on the concept of "objects", which may contain data, in the form of fields, often known as attributes; and code, in the form of procedures, often known as methods. A feature of objects is that an object's procedures can access and often modify the data fields of the object with which they are associated (objects have a notion of "this" or "self"). In OOP, computer programs are designed by making them out of objects that interact with one another

2-what is procedural language?
Procedural programming is a programming paradigm, derived from structured programming, based upon the concept of the procedure call. Procedures, also known as routines, subroutines, or functions (not to be confused with mathematical functions, but similar to those used in functional programming)[citation needed], simply contain a series of computational steps to be carried out. Any given procedure might be called at any point during a program's execution, including by other procedures or itself. Procedural programming languages include C, Go, Fortran, Pascal, and BASIC.[1]


3-difference b/w oop and procedural language?
The focus of procedural programming is to break down a programming task into a collection of variables, data structures,
and subroutines, whereas in object-oriented programming it is to break down a programming task into objects that expose 
behavior (methods) and data (members or attributes) using interfaces. The most important distinction is that while 
procedural programming uses procedures to operate on data structures, object-oriented programming bundles the two 
together, so an "object", which is an instance of a class, operates on its "own" data structure.

4-benifits of procedural language?
 easy to keep track with programm flow 
 to write compilers
 code re-use becomes easier(functions)
 needs less memory since focus is on operation on data and not data. 

5-real life example of oop?

6-benifits of oop
7-what is polymorphism
Polymorphism can be defined as the ability of doing the same operation but with different type of input. More precisely we say it as ‘many forms of single entity’.
8-what is inheritance
An object that shares all the properties of it's parent class.
9-what is d/f b/w them
10-what is thread
11-d/f b/w proccess and thread
12-d/f b/w link list and queue
13-what is tree
14-searching method in tree
 
15-write the output of pre , post and inorder of the given tree

16-create a database(table) to save record of your interviwes and then show the date of the
interview in NBS 

17-why we use % in query

18-what is bootstrap
